percent
for the day
we come from WDR and want the Alexander from Volvo is the release
Cairo
Rexer introduced Merkel's idea to the Vorhaller
that may stand here
in
Guillaume Faury goes into British soldiers I think
I think
Alf Henryk Wulf
and let's go
Alexander in an almost professional attitude is by Eugen Schoen Fresh
Water welcomes
she leads him through the grounds of the Princess new world in Gütersloh in
Direction airfield
and there the boy does not like to learn to fly
a "real" military pilot delicately Sutil introduces himself
the
No, because he is irritated
one calls my name has already been reached
After the welcome, you will enter the hangar via take-off and landing sites
here the approximately 30 helicopters of the barracks are constantly serviced or repaired
Alexander already knew a lot about the technique of flying but was so close
a military helicopter never seen
These and other machines as well as their pilots are considered part of the fast
Resistance deployed in Bosnia for half a year in June
but Alexander does not care that much
he could talk shop for hours with the number but his biggest
Adventure on this day is already waiting for him for the flight in one
Military helicopters also the civilian guest the right clothes
important
Minute off
Success reigned
well warmed and dressed in proper style in Saxony had been missing
Alexander goes to the start
there is still a problem
the copilot's helmet must fit Alexander well if he is too tall
the boy has to fly in the back seat and that would only be for him
half the pleasure
Alexander knows civil or military aviation
Safety is the top priority
Because of this he patiently leaves Hamm to handle and it's worth it
yourself
that's great
the Chairman
ad
Contact on
Unfortunately, our camera is not there for security reasons
but Alexander did not care
he really floated above the clouds and so to describe a flight feeling
It's not that easy
Eckhard Mayer was happy
another 500 students
there is a slight dent Karth
At the age of eleven, Alexander knows exactly what he wants and how it works
percent
Password guest
EURid previous year CHF
and there were wide underneath
to the thanks to his little copilots handed over quali still that
Regiment wait so experienced Alexander not only an exciting flight but
also the fine English style